---
title: "Bi-weekly Adobe Commerce Support KB Newsletter: new articles and updates"
labels: announcements,help center,newsletter,published,update,what's new,Magento,Adobe Commerce
---

 **NEXT UPDATE** : September 17, 2021.

Hello there!

Here’s a short update on what was published and updated in Support Magento KB during the last two weeks (August 20th - Septemer 3rd, 2021).


## PUBLISHED

Please click to get familiar with the article and give us feedback on any articles issues!

1. [2021 Holiday Surge Capacity Requests for Adobe Commerce on our cloud infrastructure](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360049580912-2021-Holiday-Surge-Capacity-Requests-for-Adobe-Commerce-on-our-cloud-infrastructure): during the peak holiday sales season (approximately Mid-November through Mid-January), Adobe recommends that all Adobe Commerce merchants hosted on our cloud infrastructure prepare for increased traffic. The article provide instructions how and when this can be done.
1. [Adobe Commerce Shared Responsibility Operational Model](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407700678669) (**log in to see the article**): Adobe Commerce Shared Responsibility Operational Model is intended to clarify operational responsibilities around the Adobe Commerce on our pro infrastructure offering only. The Shared Responsibility Operational Model document is attached to the article.
1. [Product Recommendations not shown in Page Builder](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407358020877-Product-Recommendations-not-shown-in-Page-Builder): This article provides a solution for the issue where the Product Recommendations option is not shown in Page Builder.
1. [Monitoring fact sheet for Adobe Commerce on cloud pro infrastructure](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408353714573-Monitoring-fact-sheet-for-Adobe-Commerce-on-cloud-pro-infrastructure): Monitoring provides visibility into the overall health of Adobe Commerce powered by Magento, and is instrumented with various monitoring tools to track the health of critical parts of the underlying systems to deliver optimized performance on cloud. The monitoring fact sheet for Adobe Commerce is attached to the article.
1. [GraphQL query to hide categories not work with B2B shared catalog](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408181529997-GraphQL-query-to-hide-categories-not-work-with-B2B-shared-catalog): This article provides a solution for when B2B shared catalog feature is not working with GraphQL categories query to hide categories.
1. [Adobe Commerce upgrade 2.4.3, 2.3.7-p1 PHP Fatal error Hotfix](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408021533069-Adobe-Commerce-upgrade-2-4-3-2-3-7-p1-PHP-Fatal-error-Hotfix): provides a fix for when merchants try to upgrade to Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) or Magento Open Source 2.4.3 or 2.3.7-p1 they see the following error: *PHP Fatal error: Uncaught Error: Call to undefined function Magento\Framework\Filesystem\Directory\str_contains() in <...>/magento/vendor/magento/framework/Filesystem/Directory/DenyListPathValidator.php:74*.
1. [How to log into Fastly account provided with Adobe Commerce for Cloud](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407819028749-How-to-log-into-Fastly-account-provided-with-Adobe-Commerce-for-Cloud): explains how to log into your Fastly account provided with Adobe Commerce on our cloud infrastructure. Adobe Commerce for Cloud does not require a dedicated Fastly account or account owner.
1. [Deployment error: SQLSTATE HY000](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408032293773-Deployment-error-SQLSTATE-HY000-): provides a solution for the issue where deployment fails because of the SQLSTATE[HY000] error.
1. [MDVA-38827: Customers receive order shipment error via email](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407780851981-MDVA-38827-Customers-receive-order-shipment-error-via-email): The MDVA-38827 Adobe Commerce patch fixes the issue where customers receive an order shipment email containing the following error message: We're sorry, an error has occurred while generating this content. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.0 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-38827. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-37897: Incorrect redirect when adding products from Recently Viewed](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407433438989-MDVA-37897-Incorrect-redirect-when-adding-products-from-Recently-Viewed): The MDVA-37897 patch solves the issue of incorrect redirect when users try to add products with options from the Recently Viewed widget. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.1 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-37897. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce version 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-39305: Login issue with enabled Google reCAPTCHA](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407775801741-MDVA-39305-Login-issue-with-enabled-Google-reCAPTCHA): The MDVA-39305 Adobe Commerce patch fixes the issue where registered customers are not able to log in with enabled Google reCAPTCHA. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.1 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39305. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce version 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-36021: Users get error message when opening order details](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4407413356429-MDVA-36021-Users-get-error-message-when-opening-order-details): The MDVA-36021 patch solves the issue where users get Call to a member function getId() error message when trying to open order details. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.1 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-36021. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce version 2.4.4.
