---
title: "Bi-weekly Adobe Commerce Support KB Newsletter: new articles and updates"
labels: announcements,help center,newsletter,published,update,what's new,Magento,Adobe Commerce
---

 **NEXT UPDATE**: October 15th, 2021.

Hello there!

Here’s a short update on what was published and updated in our support knowledge base during the last two weeks (September 17th - October 1st, 2021).


## PUBLISHED

Please click to get familiar with the article and give us feedback on any articles issues!

1. [Whitepaper - Delivering commerce experiences at scale](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410378506381): There is great value integrating the strengths of Adobe Experience Manager (AEM), Commerce Integration Framework (CIF), and Adobe Commerce. This whitepaper is intended to be a high-level guide to provide areas to investigate initially while preparing your AEM/CIF/Adobe Commerce environment for heavy loads.
1. [404 not found error when accessing Web Setup Wizard via admin panel](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410175757581): explains that Web Setup Wizard was deprecated in Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.3.6 and informs that Extensions have to be installed through composer.
1. [Identify and measure outages for Adobe Commerce on cloud](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409500578957-Identify-and-measure-outages-for-Adobe-Commerce-on-cloud): the attached article describes the general steps to pinpoint an issue that may be an outage and how to identify whether it is truly an outage.
1. [Web Content Accessibility for Adobe Commerce](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409500752909-Accessibility-for-Adobe-Commerce-FAQ): overview of the current situation with accessibility for Adobe Commerce.
1. [Stock images not displayed, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.3.7-p2](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409491698189-Stock-images-not-displayed-Adobe-Commerce-and-Magento-Open-Source-2-3-7-p2): provides a solution for the issue where Adobe stock images uploaded into the file system directories pub/media or pub/media/catalog do not display in the Media Gallery UI.
1. [MDVA-39935: GraphQL returns configurable child products disabled at the website level](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410370229005-MDVA-39935-GraphQL-returns-configurable-child-products-disabled-at-the-website-level): The MDVA-39935 Adobe Commerce patch fixes the issue where GraphQL returns configurable child products disabled at the website level. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39935. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-38447: "Not visible individually" configurable child products are returned in GraphQL response and slow MySQL query](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410275214733-MDVA-38447-Not-visible-individually-configurable-child-products-are-returned-in-GraphQL-response-and-slow-MySQL-query): The MDVA-38447 Adobe Commerce patch fixes the issue where "Not visible individually" configurable child products are returned in GraphQL response and slow MySQL query for GraphQL products query with category filter. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-38447. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-39521: Unable to set shipping address on carts via GraphQL](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410280050957-MDVA-39521-Unable-to-set-shipping-address-on-carts-via-GraphQL): The MDVA-39521 patch solves the issue where the user is unable to set shipping address on carts with an empty phone number via GraphQL. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39521. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-37364: Custom customer attribute of date type breaks Grid UI](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410278467213-MDVA-37364-Custom-customer-attribute-of-date-type-breaks-Grid-UI): The MDVA-37364 patch solves the issue where the custom customer attribute of date type breaks the Customer Grid UI. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-37364. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce version 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-39384: Unable to save custom customer attribute for company user](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410121217805-MDVA-39384-Unable-to-save-custom-customer-attribute-for-company-user): The MDVA-39384 patch solves the issue where the custom customer attribute for a company user is not saved. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39384. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-38929: Invoice with FPT shows wrong total](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410135439885-MDVA-38929-Invoice-with-FPT-shows-wrong-total): The MDVA-38929 patch solves the issue where the invoice with FPT shows a wrong grand total when the order is paid with store credit. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-38929. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-37115: "Only 0 left" notice is shown on product page](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410121211917-MDVA-37115-Only-0-left-notice-is-shown-on-product-page): The MDVA-37115 patch solves the issue where the unnecessary Only 0 left notice is shown on the configurable product page. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-37115. Please note that the issue was fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.3.
1. [MDVA-39195: Add to Cart is inactive on Category Page](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410121011725-MDVA-39195-Add-to-Cart-is-inactive-on-Category-Page): The MDVA-39195 patch solves the issue where the Add to Cart button is inactive on the Category Page when the redirect to cart is enabled. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39195. Please note that the issue was fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.3.
1. [MDVA-40134: GraphQL not returning related products when shared catalog is enabled](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410106086157-MDVA-40134-GraphQL-not-returning-related-products-when-shared-catalog-is-enabled): The MDVA-40134 Adobe Commerce patch fixes the issue where GraphQL does not return related products when the shared catalog is enabled. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-40134. Please note that the issue was fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.3.
1. [MDVA-38852: Catalog inventory locks tables which decreases performance](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409733092493-MDVA-38852-Catalog-inventory-locks-tables-which-decreases-performance): The MDVA-38852 patch solves the issue where the catalog inventory locks tables for updates which significantly decreases performance when several parallel orders are placed. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-38852. Please note that the issue was fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.3.6.
1. [MDVA-39966: Unable to deploy locales other than en_US](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409728335501-MDVA-39966-Unable-to-deploy-locales-other-than-en-US): The MDVA-39966 patch solves the issue where the user is unable to deploy locales other than en_US. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39966. Please note that the issue was fixed in Adobe Commerce version 2.4.1.
1. [MDVA-39923: Search by SKU in B2B quick order functionality is case-sensitive](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409732187405-MDVA-39923-Search-by-SKU-in-B2B-quick-order-functionality-is-case-sensitive): The MDVA-39923 patch fixes the issue where customers get an error when they search the order by SKU in B2B quick order functionality with a different case than the one with which the name is saved. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39923. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-39043: Admin users get error adding widget to CMS page](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409665390477-MDVA-39043-Admin-users-get-error-adding-widget-to-CMS-page): The MDVA-39043 Adobe Commerce patch fixes the issue where admin users with limited access get an error while adding the "Products" widget to the CMS page. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39043. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
1. [MDVA-39986: Unable to place orders in admin in Safari browser on macOS](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409493627277-MDVA-39986-Unable-to-place-orders-in-admin-in-Safari-browser-on-macOS): The MDVA-39986 Adobe Commerce patch fixes the issue where users are unable to place orders in the admin using the Safari browser on macOS. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.2 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-39986. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.3.
Articles providing details for patches available in QPT 1.1.3
1. [MDVA-36309: Products search by attributes is slow in admin grids](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410220376589-MDVA-36309-Products-search-by-attributes-is-slow-in-admin-grids): The MDVA-36309 patch solves the issue where the products search by attributes is slow in the admin grids. This patch is available when the Quality Patches Tool (QPT) 1.1.3 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-36309. Please note that the issue was fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.3.
