---
title: "MDVA-40401: Coupon usage value changes after failed order"
labels: QPT patches,Quality Patches Tool,QPT 1.1.4,Magento Commerce 2.4.4,Adobe Commerce 2.4.4,on-premises,cloud infrastructure,2.3.6,2.3.6-p1,2.3.7,2.3.7-p1,2.3.7-p2,2.4.1,2.4.1-p1,2.4.2,2.4.2-p1,2.4.2-p2,2.4.3,2.4.3-p1
---

The MDVA-40401 patch fixes the issue where coupon usage value changes even after a failed order. This patch is available when the [Quality Patches Tool (QPT)](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/comp-mgr/patching.html#mqp) 1.1.4 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-40401. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.2-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.3.6 - 2.3.7-p2, 2.4.1 - 2.4.3-p1

>![info]
>
>Note: the patch might become applicable to other versions with new Quality Patches Tool releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [QPT landing page](https://devdocs.magento.com/quality-patches/tool.html#patch-grid). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Users are not able to reapply the coupon once they have used it in a failed order.

<ins>Steps to reproduce</ins>:

1. Create a shopping cart rule with autogenerated coupons.
1. Add a product to the cart and apply the coupon.
1. Go to **Checkout**.
1. Make the added product "out of stock" before placing the order.
1. You should get an *out of stock* error.
1. Run cron.
1. Go to the cart and remove that product.
1. Add another product and apply the coupon.

<ins>Expected results</ins>:

The coupon code should apply successfully as the previous order was not placed.

<ins>Actual results</ins>:

You get a *coupon code is invalid* error.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment type:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [Software Update Guide > Apply Patches](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/comp-mgr/patching/mqp.html) in our developer documentation.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/project/project-patch.html) in our developer documentation. 

## Related reading

To learn more about Quality Patches Tool, refer to:

* [Quality Patches Tool released: a new tool to self-serve quality patches](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360047139492) in our support knowledge base.
* [Check if patch is available for your Adobe Commerce issue using Quality Patches Tool](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360047125252) in our support knowledge base.

For info about other patches available in QPT, refer to the [Patches available in QPT](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/sections/360010506631-Patches-available-in-QPT-tool-) section.
