---
title: 2.4.1 and 2.3.6 create an account button disabled hotfix
link: https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051130212-2-4-1-and-2-3-6-create-an-account-button-disabled-hotfix
labels: Magento Commerce Cloud,Magento Commerce,troubleshooting,known issues,patches,2.3.6,2.4.1,create new customer account
---

<p>This article provides a hotfix for the issue when you struggle to create a new account, after inputting an incorrect value to any field on the form. For example, when you enter an email address in the wrong format, or leave the first name or last name fields empty, or do not enter a value that meets password requirements. A permanent fix will be included in the Q1 releases (2.4.2, 2.4.1-p1, and 2.3.6-p1).</p>
<h2>Issue</h2>
<p>The Create an Account button on the Create New Account page remains disabled if a shopper has entered invalid data. This prevents shoppers from re-attempting to create an account after making an error.</p>
<p><ins>Steps to reproduce:</ins></p>
<ol>
<li>
Go to Create New Customer Account.
</li>
<li>
Fill in the form fields. In the Password field input values that do not meet the password requirements. For example:
<ul>
<li>
the password in the Password field and password in the Confirm Password do not match.
</li>
<li>
the password in the Password field and password in the Confirm password field are not long enough.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
Click the Create an Account button.
</li>
</ol>
<p><ins>Expected result:</ins></p>
<ul>
<li>
Create an Account button should stay active/enabled.</li>
<li>User should be able to create a new account.</li>
</ul>
<p>Actual result:</p>
<ul>
<li>
Create an Account button stays disabled, even after filling in all required fields with valid/correct data.</li>
<li>Customer is NOT able to create a new account.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Patch</h2>
<p>The patch is attached to this article. To download it, scroll down to the end of the article and click the file name, or click the following link:<br/><a href="https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/360074368411/MC-38509-composer.patch">Download MC-38509-composer.patch</a></p>
<h2>Compatible Magento versions:</h2>
<p>The patch was created for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Magento Commerce Cloud 2.3.6 and 2.4.1.</li>
<li>Magento Commerce 2.3.6 and 2.4.1.</li>
</ul>
<p>The patch is not compatible with any other Magento versions and editions.</p>
<h2>How to Apply the Patch</h2>
<p>See <a href="https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360028367731">How to apply a composer patch provided by Magento</a> for instructions.</p>
<h2>Related reading</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/30513">GitHub Magento2  &gt; Submitting invalid create account form leaves the submit button disabled</a></li>
<li><a href="https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/magento/magento-account-create.html">Magento User Guide &gt; Getting Started &gt; Creating an Account</a></li>
</ul>