---
title: Access New Relic services
link: https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039127712-Access-New-Relic-services
labels: Magento Commerce Cloud,Magento Commerce,performance,Pro,New Relic,blackfire,New Relic Infrastructure,New Relic APM,accessing New Relic,Starter
---

<p>This article explains how customers with sufficient license/subscription authorization can access select New Relic services:</p>
<ul>
<li>New Relic Infrastructure can be used to monitor infrastructure performance.</li>
<li>New Relic APM, an application performance monitoring tool which provides insights into application performance trends.</li>
</ul>
<p>Customers using Magento Commerce Pro hosted on cloud infrastructure who wish to use New Relic Infrastructure: <em><br/><br/></em>Customers using Magento Commerce Pro hosted on cloud infrastructure will get the New Relic Infrastructure service with subscription auto installed. These customers should have received an email containing an activation link from New Relic when their Magento project was created. After following the email’s instructions to register their New Relic account, users should be able to log in on the<a href="https://login.newrelic.com/login"> New Relic login</a> page with the username and password they created at the time. <br/> Note: Customers using Magento Commerce Pro, hosted on cloud infrastructure, will have New Relic Application Performance Monitoring (APM), in addition to the New Relic Infrastructure service. </p>
<p>Customers using Magento Commerce Pro, hosted on cloud infrastructure, who forgot their password or did not activate their New Relic Infrastructure account:<br/> <br/> If some customers received the email containing an activation link from New Relic and registered their New Relic account BUT subsequently forgot their user credentials they need to click on the<a href="https://login.newrelic.com/login"> New Relic login</a> page and click "Forgot your password?". The username is their email address. They need to reset their password to log back into New Relic. Customers who do not remember receiving the email and want to use New Relic Infrastructure should also follow these steps. <br/><br/>Magento Commerce Cloud Starter customers who want to use New Relic:<br/><br/>Starter customers are not provided with the New Relic Infrastructure service as part of their subscription. However, Starter customers can use New Relic Application Performance Monitoring (APM) if they add a license by following the steps in DevDocs <a href="https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/project/new-relic.html#connect-to-new-relic">Connect to New Relic</a>.</p>
<h2>Related Reading</h2>
<p>To learn about New Relic services see DevDocs <a href="https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/project/new-relic.html#investigate-performance">Investigate Performance</a>. You can also review the KB <a href="https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360042149832">Troubleshoot performance using New Relic on Magento Commerce Cloud</a>.</p>